Rainbow Veggie Kabobs
Cook Time 40 minutes

Ingredients

1 cup cherry tomatoes
1 eggplant, sliced into thick rounds
1 orange bell pepper, cut into chunks
1 red bell pepper, cut into chunks
1 red onion, cut into chunks
1 tablespoon Dijon mustard
1 tablespoon Italian seasoning
1 yellow bell pepper, cut into chunks
1/4 cup olive oil
2 yellow zucchini, sliced into thick rounds
2 zucchini, sliced into thick rounds
3 cloves garlic, minced
Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, to taste
Preparation

Preheat grill to medium high heat.
In a small bowl, whisk together olive oil, garlic, Italian seasoning and Dijon;
season with salt and pepper, to taste.
Thread tomatoes, bell peppers, onion, zucchini and eggplant onto skewers.
Brush olive oil mixture onto the skewers and let sit for 10-15 minutes.
Add skewers to grill, and cook, turning occasionally, until vegetables are lightly charred all over, about 10-12 minutes
Baste with reserved marinade as needed.
Serve immediately.


Sheet pan Nachos
Cook Time 25 minutes

Ingredients

1 (1.25-ounce) package taco seasoning
1 (15-ounce) can black beans, drained and rinsed
1 cup corn kernels, frozen, canned or roasted
1 cup shredded cheddar cheese
1 jalapeno, thinly sliced
1 pound ground beef*
1 Roma tomato, diced
1 tablespoon olive oil
1/2 cup shredded Monterey Jack cheese
1/4 cup diced red onion
12 ounces tortilla chips
2 cloves garlic, minced
2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro leaves
2 tablespoons sour cream
Preparation

Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.
Lightly oil a baking sheet or coat with nonstick spray.
Heat olive oil in a large skillet over medium high heat.
Add ground beef and garlic, and cook until beef has browned, about 3-5 minutes, making sure to crumble the beef as it cooks;
stir in taco seasoning.
Drain excess fat.
Place tortilla chips in a single layer onto the prepared baking sheet.
Top with ground beef mixture, black beans, corn and cheeses.
Place into oven and bake until heated through and the cheese melts, about 5-6 minutes.
Serve immediately, topped with tomato, onion, jalapeno, sour cream and cilantro.


Cheesy Chicken and Broccoli Pockets
Cook Time 40 minutes

Ingredients

1 1/2 cups leftover rotisserie chicken
1 cup shredded cheddar cheese
1/2 cup sour cream
1/4 teaspoon garlic powder
10 ounces broccoli florets, about 2 cups
2 (8-ounce) tubes crescent rolls
2 tablespoons mayonnaise
Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, to taste
Preparation

Preheat oven to 375 degrees F.
Line a baking sheet with parchment paper or a silicone baking mat; set aside.
Place broccoli florets into a steamer or colander set over a pan of boiling water.
Cover and steam for 5 mins, or until cooked through and vibrant green; set aside.
In a large bowl, combine chicken, cheese, sour cream, mayonnaise and garlic powder;
season with salt and pepper, to taste.
Remove rolls from the can, separating them into 8 rectangles, 2 triangles each.
Press each rectangle to form a 6×4-inch rectangle, firmly pressing perforations to seal.
Top half of each rectangle with chicken mixture and broccoli.
Fold dough from the top over the filling, pressing the edges to seal.
Place onto the prepared baking sheet and bake until golden brown, about 12-13 minutes.
Serve immediately.


Quinoa Enchilada Casserole
Cook Time 40 minutes

Ingredients

1 (10-ounce) can Old El Paso™ mild enchilada sauce
1 (4.5-ounce) can Old El Paso™ chopped green chiles, drained
1 avocado, halved, seeded, peeled and diced
1 cup quinoa
1 Roma tomato, diced
1/2 cup canned black beans, drained and rinsed
1/2 cup corn kernels, frozen, canned or roasted
1/2 teaspoon chili powder
1/2 teaspoon cumin
2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro leaves
3/4 cup shredded cheddar cheese, divided
3/4 cup shredded mozzarella cheese, divided
Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, to taste
Preparation

In a large saucepan of 2 cups water, cook quinoa according to package instructions; set aside.
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F.
Lightly oil an 8×8 or 2 quart baking dish or coat with nonstick spray.
In a large bowl, combine quinoa, enchilada sauce, green chiles, corn, black beans, cilantro, cumin and chili powder;
season with salt and pepper, to taste.
Stir in 1/2 cup cheddar cheese and 1/2 cup mozzarella cheese.
Spread quinoa mixture into the prepared baking dish.
Top with remaining cheeses.
Place into oven and bake until bubbly and cheeses have melted, about 15 minutes.
Serve immediately, garnished with avocado and tomato, if desired.


Peanut Butter and Jelly Cookies
Cook Time 18 minutes

Ingredients

¼ teaspoon salt
½ teaspoon baking soda
1 ¼ cups packed dark brown sugar
1 cup (2 sticks/8 oz./225 grams) butter, softened
1 cup creamy peanut butter
1 cup granulated sugar
1 cup peanut butter chips
2 cups flour
2 teaspoons vanilla
2/3 cup strawberry jam
3 large eggs
Preparation

Preheat your oven to 300 degrees F.
In a medium bowl, whisk together the flour, baking soda, and salt.
In the bowl of an electric mixer on medium speed, blend the sugars and butter until you get a grainy consistency.
Add the eggs, peanut butter, and vanilla, and beat until fluffy.
On low speed, add the flour mixture and peanut butter chips, and mix until barely combined.
Fold the dough together a bit with a spatula, and drop heaping tablespoons onto a parchment-lined baking sheet, 2 inches apart. Add a small spoonful of jam on top of each cookie, and use a toothpick to swirl the jam into the dough.
Bake each batch for 18 to 20 minutes, or just until the edges of the cookies are lightly browned.


Tiramisu
Cook Time 40 minutes

Ingredients

1 1/2 cups espresso or strong coffee, at room temperature
1/2 cup brandy or cognac
1/4 cup Dutch-process cocoa powder
3/4 cup sugar
3/4 cup whole milk
30 to 32 crisp Italian ladyfingers (savoiardi)
6 large egg yolks
Bittersweet chocolate, for shaving
Four 8-ounce containers mascarpone cheese, at room temperature
Preparation

Line an 8-inch-square baking dish with plastic wrap, leaving a 3-inch overhang on all sides.
Fill a large bowl with ice water.
Make the custard: Whisk the egg yolks and sugar in a heatproof bowl set over a saucepan of barely simmering water (do not let the bowl touch the water) until the sugar dissolves.
Slowly whisk in the milk and cook, whisking constantly, until the custard is light and foamy, about 10 minutes (a thermometer inserted into the mixture should register 170 degrees F).
Remove the bowl from the saucepan and set in the bowl of ice water; whisk until the custard is cool, about 1 minute. Put the mascarpone in a large bowl.
Fold the custard into the mascarpone with a rubber spatula until almost combined, then whisk until just smooth (do not overmix or the custard will be grainy).
Combine the espresso and brandy in a shallow bowl.
One at a time, dip the ladyfingers in the espresso mixture until soaked but not soggy; arrange 2 rows of about 5 biscuits each in the baking dish.
Spread one-third of the mascarpone custard over the ladyfingers.
Repeat with a second layer of espresso-dipped ladyfingers, arranging them in the opposite direction.
Top with another one-third of the custard. Repeat with the remaining ladyfingers, alternating directions. Spread the remaining custard on top and dust with the cocoa powder. Cover with plastic wrap; refrigerate at least 4 hours, or overnight.
Invert a plate on top of the tiramisu, then flip the tiramisu with the plate.
Remove the baking dish and plastic wrap.
Invert a serving plate on top of the tiramisu and flip again so it is cocoa-side up.
Remove the remaining plastic wrap.
Shave curls of chocolate on top with a vegetable peeler.


Chicken Biryani
Cook Time 60 minutes

Ingredients

1 bay leaf
1 Cucumber
1 large onion finely sliced
1 tsp turmeric
25g butter
3 cardamom pods
300g basmati rice
4 skinless chicken breasts, cut into large chunks
4 tbsp curry paste (we used Patak's balti paste))
850ml chicken stock
85g raisin
chopped coriander and toasted flaked almonds to serve
small cinnamon stick
Preparation

Soak the rice in warm water, then wash in cold until the water runs clear.
Heat butter in a saucepan and cook the onions with the bay leaf and other whole spices for 10 mins.
Sprinkle in the turmeric, then add chicken and curry paste and cook until aromatic.
Stir the rice into the pan with the raisins, then pour over the stock.
Place a tight-fitting lid on the pan and bring to a hard boil, then lower the heat to a minimum and cook the rice for another 5 mins.
Turn off the heat and leave for 10 mins.
Stir well, mixing through half the coriander.
Slice the cucumber in half. Use a spoon to scrape out the seeds, then grate it onto paper towels.
To serve, scatter over the rest of the coriander and the almonds.


Raitha
Cook Time 7 minutes

Ingredients

1 large cucumber
1/4 cup chopped fresh mint
1/4 teaspoon cumin
1/4 teaspoon ground coriander seed
1/8 teaspoon cayenne
2 cups plain yogurt
Juice of 1 lemon
Pita wedges, for serving
Salt and freshly ground black pepper
Preparation

Squeeze the cucumber in the paper towels to remove the excess moisture, then set aside.
In a bowl, stir together the yogurt, cumin, coriander, cayenne, lemon juice, salt and pepper.
Add the cucumber and stir to combine, then stir in the mint.
Taste and adjust the seasoning as you desire.
Cover and refrigerate for a couple of hours to allow the flavors to combine.
Serve as a dip with pita wedges.


French Toast
Cook Time 30 minutes

Ingredients

1 teaspoon ground cinnamon
1/2 cup maple syrup, warmed
1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract
1/4 cup milk
1/4 teaspoon ground nutmeg
2 tablespoons sugar
4 eggs
4 tablespoons butter
8 slices challah, brioche, or white bread
Preparation

In a small bowl, combine, cinnamon, nutmeg, and sugar and set aside briefly.
In a 10-inch or 12-inch skillet, melt butter over medium heat.
Whisk together cinnamon mixture, eggs, milk, and vanilla and pour into a shallow container such as a pie plate.
Dip bread in egg mixture.
Fry slices until golden brown, then flip to cook the other side.
Serve with syrup.