French Toast

What’s not to love about battered and fried bread? Especially when there are so many ways to make it! Here’s everything you need to know to whip up fabulous French toast for just about any meal.

30 min
1 teaspoon ground cinnamon
1/4 teaspoon ground nutmeg
2 tablespoons sugar
4 tablespoons butter
4 eggs
1/4 cup milk
1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract
8 slices challah, brioche, or white bread
1/2 cup maple syrup, warmed

Directions:
In a small bowl, combine, cinnamon, nutmeg, and sugar and set aside briefly.
In a 10-inch or 12-inch skillet, melt butter over medium heat. 
Whisk together cinnamon mixture, eggs, milk, and vanilla and pour into a shallow container such as a pie plate. 
Dip bread in egg mixture. 
Fry slices until golden brown, then flip to cook the other side. 
Serve with syrup.

Raitha

This cool, creamy condiment is a must with spicy Indian recipes. Whole-milk yogurt soothes the palate and stands up to the spicier dishes.
7min

1 large cucumber
2 cups plain yogurt 
1/4 teaspoon cumin 
1/4 teaspoon ground coriander seed 
1/8 teaspoon cayenne 
Juice of 1 lemon 
Salt and freshly ground black pepper
1/4 cup chopped fresh mint 
Pita wedges, for serving

Squeeze the cucumber in the paper towels to remove the excess moisture, then set aside.
In a bowl, stir together the yogurt, cumin, coriander, cayenne, lemon juice, salt and pepper. 
Add the cucumber and stir to combine, then stir in the mint. Taste and adjust the seasoning as you desire.
Cover and refrigerate for a couple of hours to allow the flavors to combine. 
Serve as a dip with pita wedges.

Chicken Biryani

a blending of Mughal and Andhra Pradesh cuisines, and dates back to the royal kitchens of the Mughals, who ruled much of India for more than two centuries.

60 min

Ingredients
300g basmati rice
25g butter
1 large onion finely sliced
1 bay leaf
3 cardamom pods
small cinnamon stick
1 tsp turmeric
4 skinless chicken breasts, cut into large chunks
4 tbsp curry paste (we used Patak's balti paste))
85g raisin
850ml chicken stock
chopped coriander and toasted flaked almonds to serve
Slice the cucumber in half. Use a spoon to scrape out the seeds, then grate it onto paper towels. 

steps
Soak the rice in warm water, then wash in cold until the water runs clear. 
Heat butter in a saucepan and cook the onions with the bay leaf and other whole spices for 10 mins. 
Sprinkle in the turmeric, then add chicken and curry paste and cook until aromatic.
Stir the rice into the pan with the raisins, then pour over the stock. 
Place a tight-fitting lid on the pan and bring to a hard boil, then lower the heat to a minimum and cook the rice for another 5 mins. 
Turn off the heat and leave for 10 mins. 
Stir well, mixing through half the coriander. 
To serve, scatter over the rest of the coriander and the almonds.

Tiramisu

Few things compliment a great meal better than a perfectly paired wine... It is a popular coffee-flavored Italian custard dessert. 
It is made of ladyfingers dipped in coffee, layered with a whipped mixture of eggs, sugar, and mascarpone cheese, flavored with cocoa 

40 minutes

6 large egg yolks
3/4 cup sugar
3/4 cup whole milk
Four 8-ounce containers mascarpone cheese, at room temperature
1 1/2 cups espresso or strong coffee, at room temperature
1/2 cup brandy or cognac
30 to 32 crisp Italian ladyfingers (savoiardi)
1/4 cup Dutch-process cocoa powder
Bittersweet chocolate, for shaving

Line an 8-inch-square baking dish with plastic wrap, leaving a 3-inch overhang on all sides. 
Fill a large bowl with ice water.
Make the custard: Whisk the egg yolks and sugar in a heatproof bowl set over a saucepan of barely simmering water (do not let the bowl touch the water) until the sugar dissolves. 
Slowly whisk in the milk and cook, whisking constantly, until the custard is light and foamy, about 10 minutes (a thermometer inserted into the mixture should register 170 degrees F).
Remove the bowl from the saucepan and set in the bowl of ice water; whisk until the custard is cool, about 1 minute. Put the mascarpone in a large bowl. 
Fold the custard into the mascarpone with a rubber spatula until almost combined, then whisk until just smooth (do not overmix or the custard will be grainy).
Combine the espresso and brandy in a shallow bowl. 
One at a time, dip the ladyfingers in the espresso mixture until soaked but not soggy; arrange 2 rows of about 5 biscuits each in the baking dish. 
Spread one-third of the mascarpone custard over the ladyfingers. 
Repeat with a second layer of espresso-dipped ladyfingers, arranging them in the opposite direction. 
Top with another one-third of the custard. Repeat with the remaining ladyfingers, alternating directions. Spread the remaining custard on top and dust with the cocoa powder. Cover with plastic wrap; refrigerate at least 4 hours, or overnight.
Invert a plate on top of the tiramisu, then flip the tiramisu with the plate. 
Remove the baking dish and plastic wrap. 
Invert a serving plate on top of the tiramisu and flip again so it is cocoa-side up. 
Remove the remaining plastic wrap. 
Shave curls of chocolate on top with a vegetable peeler.
